[ENH] Make it easier to install the dashboard (#78)
TIGRLab/dashboard: docs/developer.rst

    {% include 'incidental_findings.html' %} # This file won't be found without the full path
   

SQLAlchemy Tips
---------------
SQLAlchemy is awesome and very powerful BUT sometimes it makes really naive 
queries. If you try to work with objects from dashboard.models like they're 
normal python objects you can very easily end up generating thousands of queries 
without realizing. For instance if you tried doing something like this:

  .. code-block:: python

    from dashboard.models import Site

    cmh = Site.query.get('CMH')

    for timepoint in cmh.timepoints:
       # Do some stuff with the timepoint record here

This loop would generate one query to the database for each timepoint that has
the site 'CMH'. If code like that were embedded in a function called in a jinja
template, then those extra queries would hit every time a user loaded the page.
In these sorts of cases it is often better to craft your own queries using
`SQLAlchemy's query API. <http://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/orm/query.html>`_

Debugging Tips
--------------
* To help with debugging consider using the `Flask Debug Toolbar. <https://flask-debugtoolbar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_

>   It can help identify what's generating most of the load time and help you 
>   identify if your SQLAlchemy code is accidentally generating a large number 
>   of queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can assist in identifying bottlenecks in load time caused by excess querying by giving you a breakdown of your SQLAlchemy queries.
```
